1. What are the various elements of the Excel interface? Describe how they're used.

Ans - The various elements of excel interface are - Quick Access Toolbar, Ribbon, Name Box, Formula Bar, Status Bar, Worksheet View Options, Zoom Slider Control, and the Zoom Percentage Indicator.
      Name box - The Name Box is an input box which normally displays the name or location of the active cell on the worksheet.
      Formula Quick Menu - The Formula Quick Menu beside the Name box is a shortcut when you want to insert a function. If you click the fx option, the Insert Function will pop-up to let you choose which Excel function would you like to use.
      Formula Bar - The Formula Bar is found just beside the Formula Quick Menu. This allows you to enter or edit data, formula or a function that will appear in the selected cell whose name or location appears in the Name Box.
      Status Bar - The Status Bar in the bottom-left corner of the Excel window displays various information about the current mode of the workbook.
      Worksheet View Options - The Worksheet View Options lets you choose which of the 3 worksheet views you want (Normal, Page Layout, or Page Break Preview). By default, the worksheet view is set to Normal.
      Zoom Percentage Indicator - The Zoom Percentage Indicator displays the zoom percentage just beside the Zoom Slider Control. By default, it is set to 100%.\
      Quick Access Toolbar - The Quick Access Toolbar is found on the top-left of the Excel window which contains the commonly-used commands in Excel.

2. Write down the various applications of Excel in the industry.

Ans - Calculating, Accounting, charting, Calendars and schedules, Seating charts, Goal planning worksheet, Time logs, Quizzes etc...

3. Make a list of different shortcut keys that are only connected to formatting with their functions.

Ans - CONTROL + B: Applies bold font formatting to headers
ALT + H + B + A: Applies borders to the cells
ALT + H + B + T: Gives an outline border to the dataset
ALT + H + O + W: Autofits column widths
CONTROL + 1: Opens Format Cells dialog box


4. What distinguishes Excel from other analytical tools?

Ans - It builds the charts, It makes use of conditional formatting, It helps to organize the data,  It provides online access.

6.Create a table and add a custom header and footer to your table.

Ans - Click the worksheet where you want to add or change headers or footers, On the Insert tab, in the Text group, click Header & Footer, Excel displays the worksheet in Page Layout view.
To add or edit a header or footer, click the left, center, or right header or footer text box at the top or the bottom of the worksheet page (under Header, or above Footer). Type the new header or footer text.

