1. Using Insert Function, give examples of any function available in the different dropdowns present in the function library. For example AutoSum, Recently Used, Text, Date & Time, etc.

Ans - In our example below, we want to find a function that will count the total number of items ordered. We want to count the cells in the Item column, which uses text. We cannot use the 
basic COUNT function because it will only count cells with numerical information. Instead, we will need to find a function that counts the total number of cells within a cell range.

a) Select the cell that will contain the function.
b) Click the Formulas tab on the Ribbon, then select the Insert Function command.
c) The Insert Function dialog box will appear.
d) Type a few keywords describing the calculation you want the function to perform, then click Go. 
e) Review the results to find the desired function, then click OK.
f) The Function Arguments dialog box will appear. Select the Value1: field, then enter or select the desired cells
g) When you're satisfied, click OK.
h) The function will be calculated, and the result will appear in the cell. 

2.What are the different ways you can select columns and rows?

Ans - there are following ways to select a row and a Columns - 

1) Select the letter at the top to select the entire column. Or click on any cell in the column and then press Ctrl + Space.
2) Select the row number to select the entire row.
3) To select non-adjacent rows or columns, hold Ctrl and select the row or column numbers.

3. What is AutoFit and why do we use it?

Ans - Excel's AutoFit feature is designed to automatically resize cells in a worksheet to accommodate different sized data without having to manually change the column width and row height.
      It is used when we don't know about the exact width of the column or the height of the row.

4. How can you insert new rows and columns into the existing table?

Ans - To insert a row, pick a cell or row that's not the header row, and right-click. To insert a column, pick any cell in the table and right-click. Point to Insert, and pick Table Rows 
      Above to insert a new row, or Table Columns to the Left to insert a new column.

5. How do you hide and unhide columns in excel?

Ans - To hide a column in Excel:

a) Select the column (or a cell in the column) you want to hide.
b) On the Home tab, in the Cells group, click Format.
c) In the Format submenu, click Hide & Unhide.
d) Choose Hide Columns.

To unhide a column in Excel:

a) Select the columns (or cells in the columns) to the left and right of the hidden column.
b) On the Home tab, in the Cells group, click Format.
c) In the Format submenu, click Hide & Unhide.
d) Choose Unhide Columns.

6.Create an appropriate table within the worksheet and use different functions available in the AutoSum command.

Ans - AVERAGE – This function returns the average (arithmetic mean) of a range of numbers.
COUNT NUMBERS– This function counts the total number of cells with numbers.
MAX – This function returns the largest number.
MIN – This function returns the smallest value.
